as requierd from Simplilearne team in my "Full Stack Web Developer - MEAN Stack" Course, 
at the first step of the course " Get started with web development " assessment section.
Project 1 : Simply Blogging , as follows :

-Background of the problem statement:

	As the project is progressing, management has asked you to create a blog page for the company website so 
	that newsletters and other informative articles can be posted by experts for the benefit of the customers.

-You must use the following:

	Visual Studio Code.
	Bootstrap.
	HTML/CSS.
	Javascript.
	GitHub.

-Following requirements should be met:

	A few of the source codes should be tracked on GitHub repositories. 
	You need to document the tracked files that are ignored during the final push to the GitHub repository.

	The submission of your GitHub repository link is mandatory. In order to track your task, you need to share the link of the repository in the document.

	The step-by-step process involved in completing this task should be documented.

since the page requierd is not a very needy one, where the many pages on the many sites on the internet would usally need
so much configuration and toneing with the rest of the site .but lukly this one dose not . which make it a very simple one .

the tools requiered to be used is a mean stream tools for any devoloper where using them will not be of any problem.

as I have said about the tools the requierment of the submission is the same, where this is the mean way to submit most of the 
project at many platforms and some universiteis also. 

the page i designed is a simple one wher its view level is general to any one with access to the page, however the submition
to the page requiers a password to limit any indivsual which is not an employee of the compony to post any blog.
the authinticatin is not necessery because the information posted to the page is not a delicate information. 
and since this page is manged by the compony it department, any unwanted post shold be easily deleted.
